Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dirty.Dancing.1987.1080p.Bluray.x264-FSiHD
THIS RIP SEEMS TO BE OUT OF SYNC.
In order to fix it. use mkvmerge:
A) Click 'Add' to load the movie
(or just drag the mkv file into mkvmerge)
B) Highlight the AC3 audio track and click
the 'Format specific options' tab.
C) On 'Delay (in ms)'. enter "200" with no quotation marks.
D) Make sure you have enough HDD roo for the new file
before clicking 'Start muxing'.
In a few minutes you should get a properly synched file.
These subs here are synched accordingly.
If you didn't notice anything wrong with the audio
in the first place and want to just leave it as it is.
please re-synch my subs for them no to show up too late.
Set them to -200 ms with Subtitle Workshop or any other software.
Enjoy your movie. :)
ShooCat
February 27. 2007
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-